uh
[Music]
listen son those nightmares you're
having ain't going away
you need to do something about it i
don't know if it's the right time
for me to leave you gotta trust me here
morocco is
beautiful in morocco we have found
something incredible and we have been
granted access
to excavate we have to be careful
we are very close to the border
[Music]
now what is going on
that move please don't shoot please jump
right okay it has been abducted she's in
knowledge area
they were taken to be beheaded the
gentleman that we are dealing with is
crazy
i need to get into algeria you're out of
your mind
we can't have them involved in this this
one's off the books
we should discuss our approach our
approach
[Applause]
keep your eyes open your mind's sharp
bring our cat
where home you i'm captain brad paxton
kate is my wife
you